1.	In your own words, what is the difference between frontend and backend web development?
    If you were hired to work on backend programming for a web application, what kinds of operations would you be working on?

    Front-end web development entails the client-facing portion of a webpage or app with which users can interact. Back-end,
    on the other hand, alludes to the server and database components of the webpage or app that users don't see or directly interact with.
    If hired to work on back-end programming, I would likely be working with databases, servers, APIs, etc.

2.	Imagine you’re working as a full-stack developer in the near future. 
    Your team is asking for your advice on whether to use JavaScript or Python for a project, 
    and you think Python would be the better choice. How would you explain the similarities 
    and differences between the two languages to your team? Drawing from what you learned in this Exercise, 
    what reasons would you give to convince your team that Python is the better option? 
    (Hint: refer to the Exercise section “The Benefits of Developing with Python”)

    Both JavaScript & Python are commonly used programming languages. They offer the ability to use dynamic typing that allows for versatility
    and flexibility in web development. Lastly, like JavaScript, Python tends to have easily understandable code and readability. An advantage
    for Python, though, is the ability to set up virtual environments that keep packages and dependencies independent of one another. Furthermore,
    there are built-in package managers and tools for extracting and replicating that information for subsequent environments.

3.	Now that you’ve had an introduction to Python, write down 3 goals you have for yourself
    and your learning during this Achievement. You can reflect on the following questions if it helps you. 
    What do you want to learn about Python? What do you want to get out of this Achievement? 
    Where or what do you see yourself working on after you complete this Achievement?

    I want to get additional experience not only with another programming language, but with additional object-oriented programming.
    I want to learn about the functions and applications of Python in web development.
    I want to successfully complete additional projects to expand upon my existing portfolio.